PRACTICE SET -> 1 (Variables)

1. Create a variable of type string and try to add a number to it.
2. Use typeOf operator to find the data type of the string in last question No.1
3. Crete a const object in js can you change it to hold a number later ?
4. Try to add a new key to the cost object in question No. 3 were you able to it ?
5. Write a js program to Create a word-meaning dictionary of 5 words.

PRACTICE SET -> 2 (Expressions & Conditionals)

1. Use logical operator to find whether the ge of a person lies between 10 and 20 ?
2. Demonstrate the use of switch case statments in js.
3. Write a js program to find whether a number is Divisible by 2 and 3.
4. Write a js program to find whether a number is Divisible by either 2 or 3.
5. Print "You can Drive" or "You can not Drive" based on age being grater that 18 using ternarry operator.

PRACTICE SET -> 3 (Loops & Functions)

1. Write a program to print the marks of a student in an object using for loop
    obj = {naman: 99, shubham: 98, rohit: 50 }
2. Write the program in Q1 using for in loop.
3. Write a program to print "try again" until the user enter correct number.
4. Write a function to find mean of 5 numbers.

PRACTICE SET -> 4 (Strings)

1. What will the following print in js ?
    console.log(har\"".length);
2. Explore the includes, startWith & endsWith function of string.
3. Write a program to convert a given string to lowercase.
4. Extract the amount out of this string.
    "Please give Rs 1000"
5. Try to change 4Th character of a given string were you able to do it ?

PRACTICE SET -> 5 (Arrays)

1. Create an array of numbers and take input from the user to add numbers to this array.
2. Keep adding numbers to the array in Q1 until 0 is added to the arrat.
3. filter for number Divisible by 10 from a given array.
4. Create an array of square of given number
5. Use reduce to calculate factorial of a given number from an array of first n natural numbers (n being the number whose factorial need to be calculate).

PRACTICE SET -> 6 (Js In Browser)

1. Write a program using prompt function to take input of age as a value from the use and use alert to tell him if he can drive.
2. In Q1 use cinfirm to ask the user if he wants to see the prompt again.
3. In the previous question use console.error to log the error if the age entered is negative.
4. Write a program to change the url to google.com(Redirection) if user enters a number grater than 4
5. Change the background of the page to yallow red or any other color based on user input prompt.